hey guys were hanging out with Kenny
Park and you got a crazy-looking Rick
behind it well this is our brand-new
2011 Wrangler we brought it into the
shop at River Raider off-road with about
100 miles on the odometer and we gutted
it we stripped it down pulled all the
drivetrain out and we started from
scratch built the way we wanted to
well the first thing we did is we took a
river Raider body armor package which
includes pool front corners our Rock
sliders and our full rear corners and
welded them straight to the JK body
after we had everything where we wanted
it and the wheel openings enlarged then
we took River Raider tube fenders and
welded them directly to that 3/16 inch
steel river Raider off-road teamed up
with bruiser diesel and put a Cummins
4-cylinder diesel under the hood of this
2011 Wrangler we made it ended up with a
raptor 700 our automatic transmission
and we put the factory
JK transfer case back in the stock
location so all the factory driveline
work with that setup
we wanted to lengthen the wheelbase on
this two door JK we wanted to shut you
up ten inches so with the use of the
rock crawler long arm suspension we
stretch it eight inches in the back and
two inches in the front so here in the
back torque axle hook us up with their
brand new super 14 setup and we paired
that up with a rock crawler independent
three link which is a great set of it
the torque axle is phenomenal as far as
its ability to handle all the torque
that the Cummins 4bt has
tell you about the roll cage let me tell
you about the roll cage River Raider
produces a roll cage kit for the Jay
King so we utilize the front part of
that kit and then from the b-pillar back
we use two and a quarter inch do M
tubing to form the back we wanted to
utilize the roll cage as also a mount
for the spare tire and yet still allow
us to put our custom-made hardtop on the
back of the G the entire carrier
actually protrudes through the hardtop
without actually touching the hard time
so all the weight is still on the cage
the one together give it a racy look so
we put these diplomat appeases in the
side and that kind of gives it a racy
feel that we were going for this is the
sexy right here well one of the
signature things of a lot of river inner
bills are fold down tailgates
so what we did on this one we took a
factory JK tailgate completely reskin it
with a recess that kind of resembles the
early jeeps and we did our fold-down
tailgate hinges and we put a remote
popper and it
little key thing and it pops open and
kind of gives it a unique look we're
running JW speaker headlights they're
made right here in the USA not just
assemble but actually made and their
LEDs so they're real low drawl but super
bright
we designed a custom front bumper that
was real tight real low-profile we've
had about eight inches off the front of
the frame and tucked it in real tight so
it has a good approach angle and worn
supply this is one of their 9.0 RC
wenches which is a great fit
all right Thank You Kenny for hanging
out with us and showing us your project
here no problem we're big fans that
crawls on TV
you